v0.25: Drop support for dump V1 (#1327)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/snapshots_vs_dumps.md

::: note
We do not recommend using dumps from a new MeiliSearch version to import an older version.

> For example, you **should not import a dump from MeiliSearch v0.22.0 to MeiliSearch v0.21.0.** But importing a dump from MeiliSearch v0.21.0 to MeiliSearch v0.21.0 or higher will work.

Reviewer: Does it work if we invert the order of these examples? Meaning, we start from what is correct and then say what is wrong?

```suggestion
For example, you can import a dump from MeiliSearch v0.21 into v0.22 without any problems. Importing a dump generated in v0.22 into a v0.21 instance, however, can lead to unexpected behavior.
```

I would also simplify versioning here: `v0.21` is easier to parse than `v0.21.0` and gets the point across.
